Bring me creatures.
Aim high on the food chain.
Whatever we bag, ends up there.
That's where he tortures them,
interrogates them. I don't really know.
- We ain't your employees.
- Of course you are.
- What's in the bag?
- You are.
- Not possible.
- You didn't hide your bones well.
Who is she, this Eve bitch?
The mother of
all of us and the end of all of you.
The ashes
of a phoenix can burn the mother.
"1861. Sunrise, Wyoming.
Gun killed a phoenix today.
Left a pile of smoldering ash."
- Whose gun?
- Colt's.
We hop back in time,
join with Samuel Colt...
we hunt the phoenix,
and then haul its ashes back home.
- Is that what I think it is?
- A phoenix.
You know what this means.
We take the fight to her.
- I'm serious. I'm serious.
- That was way overpriced, dude.
- Where I'm from, it was like $3 a beer.
- Okay. Then I'm buying next time.
I'm not even lying.
I'm not even joking at all.
Hey.
Heaven must be missing an angel.
I think she likes me.
Okay, Fabio. Let's go.
Are you okay, miss?
I'm perfect.
I mean, is that blood?
Yes, I suppose it is.
You sure you're all right?
I was one of the lonely people
Now you're lying close to me
Making love to me
I believe in miracles
Where you from?
You sexy thing I believe
- Hey, what the hell?
- I gave him a gift.
Since you came along
You sexy thing
Come on, man. Let's get out of here.
Did you know
You're everything I prayed for?
Did you know?
Every night and day for
Every day
You give love and satisfaction
Now you're lying next to me
Giving it to me I believe
Hey. Unh.
How you doing?
Five shells, that's how I'm doing.
Well, you know, it's a hell of a lot more
then we had last week.
Maybe.
Meaning?
Meaning I just had myself a little mishap a
few minutes ago and, uh... Well, here, look.
Whoa.
- Huh.
- This stuff is supposed to...
burn the bejesus out of Eve.
- Doesn't even give me a sunburn.
- The lore says it works.
That's always reliable.
Well, you know what?
Maybe it's like iron or silver, you know?
Hurts them, not us?
Maybe, but a fat lot of good it does us
till we find the bitch.
I'm looking, but I'm thinking
maybe it's time you made a call.
Why's it always gotta be me, huh?
It's not like Cass lives in my ass.
The dude's busy.
- Cass, get out of my ass.
- I was never in your...
Have you made any progress
in locating Eve?
We were gonna ask you about that.
No, I've looked,
but she's hidden from me.
She's hidden from all angels.
Awesome.
You know, what we really need
is an inside man.
- What do you mean?
- Something with claws and sympathy.
Like a friendly monster?
Those are in short supply these days.
Sure, but we've met
one or two, right?
Maybe.
So maybe we can find one.
Lenore.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Hey, hey.
Lenore. Stop.
Look...
we're happy you're here.
- My name's Lenore.
- I'm not gonna hurt you.
It's been a long time.
You remember us?
I remember.
Your hunter friend almost killed me.
Well, if it makes you feel any better,
he turned into a vampire...
and I chopped his head off.
Yeah, with razor wire. Wicked.
Well, that's something.
What's going on?
Why am I here?
Well, um...
That's Cass.
He's our friend.
And we need to talk to you.
About Eve.
Eve?
I have nothing to say about Eve.
- You sure about that?
- I'm trying to stay away from her.
Believe me.
Where's your nest?
Gone.
I couldn't fight it anymore.
It's her voice, in our heads.
What it does to us.
- So they left, started killing again.
- But not you.
Don't look so impressed.
I was hiding in a basement,
not exactly Club Med.
You don't know how hard it is
not to give in.
Everyone gives in.
So this psychic two-way you got, that
mean you know where Mom's camped?
You've got to be kidding me.
You want me to tell you where she is?
You do know she could be listening to us
right now.
I might as well be a video camera.
What are you thinking?
So we don't have
the element of surprise.
- We're still going in.
- You're crazy.
- I can't help you.
- Can't or won't?
Look, it's clear as day,
you still give a crap.
You don't wanna kill and you don't want
this whole planet dead.
You actually believe you can stop her?
Just tell us where she is.
Grants Pass, Oregon.
- And now she knows you're coming.
- Well, let's go see.
Hold on.
I didn't tell you this out of the goodness
of my heart.
I need something.
What?
- Kill me.
- Lenore...
We'll lock you down till this is over.
Witness protection. You'll be safe.
You don't get it. It's not about that.
I'm dangerous.
I hear her voice all the time.
- You're not like the rest of them.
- I'm exactly like them.
I fed.
I couldn't help it.
The girl couldn't have been
more than 16, Sam.
I'll do it again.
I can't stop.
Not anymore.
- You have to. Please.
- Lenore...
We needed to move this along.
Well, I was expecting
more Zombieland,  less Pleasantville.
Just because it looks quiet
don't mean it is.
Especially if she's got a clue
we're coming.
Yeah, well, if she is here, I'm glad we
got Smitey McSmiterton on our squad.
All right. Where do we start?
I'm gonna need a computer.
All right.
I finally got the police database.
No thanks to this.
- I asked for a computer.
- It is a computer.
No, a computer has buttons.
- Can I get you anything else?
- No, we're good. Thanks.
- Anything?
- Oh. Nickel-and-dime stuff, nothing weird.
Basically, dead end.
You think Vampira was lying?
I'll search the town.
Give me a moment.
Cass, we can still see you.
Yeah, I'm still here.
Okay, well, you don't have to
wait on us. You...
Well, now it just looks like
you're pooping.
- Something's wrong.
- What, are you stuck?
I'm blocked.
- I'm powerless.
- You're joking.
Something in this town is, uh...
It's affecting me.
I assume it's Eve.
So wait. Mom's making you limp?
Figuratively, yes.
- How?
- I don't know, but she is.
Great, because without your power,
you're just a baby in a trench coat.
I think you hurt his feelings.
I got something here, maybe.
Had to go federal to get it.
Call went out from the local office
to the CDC last night.
About what?
A Dr. Silver called in an illness
he couldn't identify.
Patient's a 25-year-old African American
named Ed Bright.
Well, that's not much to go on.
- Well, it's our only lead, so...
- So beggars can't be choosers.
All right, well, let's finish up.
Excuse me. Hi. Uh, is Dr. Silver in today?
My friend is very sick.
I have a, uh...
painful burning sensation.
Oh, well, he's out. Sorry.
- Do you know where he is?
- He hasn't called in.
You might wanna find yourself
some ointment.
What kind of doctor calls the CDC
and then goes AWOL the very next day?
Let's have a look, shall we?
Is this gonna take a long time?
What is it?
Oh.
- It's Ed Bright.
- What kind of doctor calls the CDC...
then stashes the gooey corpse
in his shed?
I don't understand
what's happening here.
Well, I know one thing about the body,
we need some kerosene.
Here. Dr. Silver. Wife, two sons.
Uh-oh.
- Hi there.
- Hi.
Who are you?
You Casual Friday agents?
We were on a case a few miles out.
We got a call to come here.
- You, what's your business?
- Dr. Silver's a friend of mine.
He didn't show up for work,
I thought I'd see if he's sick.
Not sick. Missing.
Missing? Says who?
Says me. Empty house, no bags packed,
car still in the driveway.
- Well, how'd you get on this?
- Oh, it's a long story.
Why don't you put out an APB? We'll
compare notes down at the station.
- Sound good?
- Uh, yeah, yeah. Sure.
Obliged.
Wow, talk about
talking out of your butt.
Yeah. Just hurry, idiot.
So we got a missing doctor
and an oozy patient, huh?
Yeah, plot thickens.
Well, let's go see what Ed's roommates
have to say.
- Does Ed Bright have a brother?
- No. Why?
Then that's not his twin.
So, what, shifter?
- I don't know what we're looking at.
- Dean and me are gonna go in.
Stay, watch the door.
Something comes out, shoot it.
- Best guess, silver bullets.
- I'm fairly unpracticed with firearms.
You know who whines?
Babies.
Okay, don't touch anything.
Hey, hey, back here.
Come here.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Unh.
Talk to us. What is this?
Hey, Ed. Ed, what's going on?
What?
I'm not Ed.
- What's wrong with me?
- Uh, nothing. You're okay.
We're gonna get you help.
Let me ask you something.
Do I...?
Do all of us...? Do we look like Ed?
What? No, no, no, of course not.
You have a fever.
You're hallucinating.
Marshall. Marshall, hey,
what happened here?
- Am I gonna die?
- No.
You're not gonna die. Now, you need
to talk to us. It's important.
Ed was feeling bad...
so I took him to the doctor.
I think now we're all sick.
You think?
And before you got sick and before Ed
got sick, did you do anything?
Did you go anywhere?
I need you to focus for me.
I don't know.
- Some bar.
- A bar? What bar?
- 8th Street, I guess.
- 8th Street.
Um, did anything happen?
Did you see anything?
Did you meet anyone?
Look, an ambulance
is on the way, okay?
- A girl.
- A girl?
Okay. And?
A girl in white.
Good. Okay.
What did the girl in white do, Marshall?
What did she do to Ed?
Marshall.
I don't get it.
A bunch of regular joes
wake up shifters? What the hell?
Shifters usually run in families.
This looks like an infection.
Nobody touched nothing?
Well, I'm bathing in Purell tonight.
- So he said they met a girl.
- It's gotta be Eve.
- But why would she do this?
- Mommy monster. Make more.
Cass has got a point.
If she's gonna make a shifter army...
why make one that's this sick,
gooey and dying?
Add that to the pile of crap
that don't make sense.
So should we hit the bar?
Well, the sheriff's a mook...
but still, you'd think he'd notice
this many missing folks.
We got a vamp over here.
Nope, scratch that. We got a wraith.
What the hell?
- What has teeth and a spike?
- Never seen that in my life.
Oh, great.
So Eve's making hybrids now?
Looks like.
The question is, why?
I mean, what does she want with a...?
What do you call these?
Well, congrats. You discovered it.
You get to name it.
Jefferson Starships.
Huh? Because they're horrible
and hard to kill.
Looks like the whole bar
has been turned into...
- Jefferson Starships.
- Fine.
But why are all the Starships dead?
I can't say,
but it looks like they all burned up.
- Burned up? Like...
- Like a high fever, like the flu.
What's going on here?
Does every monster in this town
have the Motaba virus?
Hands where I can see them.
- Now, this is not what it looks like.
- We're the feds.
Yeah? Well, feds
are not allowed to do this.
Cuff them. Turn around.
If we can make a phone call,
we can straighten this all out.
- Straighten out a massacre?
- I'd like to see you try.
Jefferson Starships.
Dean, wait.
Well, I'll say this.
You're the healthiest-looking specimen
I have seen all day.
I take my vitamins.
So you wanna tell us
what's going on here?
Hm?
So you boys
are Eve's cleaning crew? Is that it?
You come around
to clean up the bodies...
make sure the word
doesn't get out, huh?
Is that why you snatched up
the doctor?
You're so wasting your time.
You stupid head of cattle.
Ha-ha-ha.
More Starships.
Stay here.
You're Dr. Silver's boys.
Don't worry.
We're gonna get you out of here, okay?
- Uh... What, keys?
- Yeah.
Look, we're not gonna hurt you.
My name is Sam,
that's my brother Dean.
Those cops,
they're not coming back, ever.
What are your names?
Joe. This is Ryan.
Hi, Ryan. How you doing?
He won't talk,
not since they came for us.
All right, listen, Joe, we're gonna
get you out of those handcuffs. Uh...
But you understand what's going on
around here, don't you?
- So first we gotta make sure you're you.
- How you gonna do that?
Well, there's a few dozen tests.
Okay, let's get started.
You really think
that's gonna make me talk?
Something will.
Got a couple
of hungry human boys here.
Come on, guys.
So you two never heard them talk
about a mother...
or someone named Eve?
It was just me and Ryan in there.
And your folks?
Cops said we were next.
They said we were food.
You have any other family?
An uncle in Meritt.
Meritt. What's that,
15 miles outside of town?
- Okay, we'll get you there.
- Dean.
Can I have a word?
- We need to find Eve now.
- Yeah.
Go. Me and Sam
just gotta make a milk run.
We need your help here.
Hold your water.
We'll be back in a few.
Dean, Dean.
Millions of lives are at stake here,
not just two.
- Stay focused.
- Are you kidding?
- There's a greater purpose.
- You know what?
I'm getting a little sick and tired
of the greater purposes, okay?
I think what I'd like to do right now is
save a couple of kids, if you don't mind.
We'll catch up.
Okay, guys, let's go. Come on.
Hey, you should get some rest.
They won't take long.
You don't know that.
They may find more wayward orphans
along the way.
Oh, don't get cute.
Right.
Pardon me
for highlighting their crippling...
and dangerous empathetic response
with "sarcasm."
It was a bad idea, letting them go.
Come on.
You don't let Sam
and Dean Winchester do squat.
They do what they gotta.
You know that.
Anyway, we want Eve...
we need coordinates.
So we can stand here bellyaching...
or we can go poke that pig
till he squeals.
Thoughts?
You know, she can see you right now.
And you're just making her mad.
Then tell the bitch to come get me.
I need five minutes alone with him.
What for?
Cass, your batteries are dead.
Give me five minutes.
All right. Fine.
Eve's at 25 Buckley Street.
You can call Sam and Dean.
Rigorous interrogation, huh?
Well, we got a location.
Now, we just gotta get close enough
to take a shot.
All right.
Well...
let's all take one.
Load them up. Make them count.
You gotta be kidding me.
She's been in there the whole time?
Why'd she ever let us in?
Or out.
- There's one way to find out.
- What, just stroll in?
We don't know who's human
or who's her.
Well, there's one way
to draw her out.
- Me and Sam will go in.
- Dean.
Look, we don't get a shot off,
you two better.
- That's the plan?
- Yeah.
Pretty much.
Well, at least it ain't complicated.
Now what?
Crap.
Crap. Crap.
- Starships?
- Yeah.
Is there anybody in this diner
that is not a flesh-eating monster?
Uh, me and you.
- Let's get out of here.
- Shall we?
- Two specials, right?
- Uh, no, that's not for us.
- We were just heading out.
- Now, that would be rude, Sam.
Let me guess.
- Eve.
- Pleasure.
Why don't we step outside, chat?
Why? This is private.
Phoenix ash. I'm impressed.
I bet you had to go a long way for that.
You have no idea.
Destroy these. Thank you.
Relax.
I'm not here to fight.
No, just to rally every freak
on the planet, bring in khan worms...
and half-assed spider-men
and dragons.
Really, sister? Dragons?
So I dusted off some of the old classics.
I needed help.
With what?
Tearing apart the planet?
You misunderstand me.
I never wanted that, not at first.
I liked our arrangement.
- What arrangement?
- The natural order.
My children turned a few of you.
You hunted a few of them.
I was happy.
Okay. So, what changed?
My children, no thanks to you...
started getting kidnapped
and tortured, even my firstborns.
I was pushed into this.
After all,
a mother defends her children.
Really?
You're gonna use
the mother-of-the-year defense? You?
It happens to be true.
Know what?
Maybe you'll believe it
if I look a little more like this.
Oh, you bitch.
She died to protect you, didn't she?
See? You understand a mother's love.
I'm no different.
This conversation's over.
If you're gonna kill us, kill us.
You?
No.
It's Crowley I want dead.
Well, you're too late there.
That little limey mook roasted
months ago.
Crowley's alive.
That's impossible.
I see his face through the eyes
of every child he strings up and skins.
Any idea why he's hurting my babies?
He wants purgatory, right?
Location, location, location.
Is that what he told you?
It's about the souls.
- What about them?
- They're power, you little monkey.
Fuel.
Each soul a beautiful,
little nuclear reactor.
Put them together, you have the sun.
Now, think what the king of hell could
do with that vast, untapped oil well.
How powerful he'd be.
Now, Crowley wants to siphon off my
supply and torture my children to do it?
Okay, fine. I'll quit playing nice.
I'll turn you all.
Every soul, mine.
Let's see how hot his hell burns
when everyone comes to me.
He asked for it.
You know, last I checked,
there are a few billion of us.
That plan might take a while.
What exactly do you think
I'm doing here?
I'm building the perfect beast.
Wait a second.
All those...
All those things we've been finding.
Call it beta testing.
Well, I think your formula
might be a little off.
They're imploding all over town.
Well, there were
a few unfortunate failures.
But I eventually got it right.
Quiet, smart, inconspicuous.
It can spread through a whole town
in under a day.
Oh, and the best part,
you've been with it the whole time.
- What?
- Yes, you were the final test.
I had to see if it could slip past hunters
undetected, of course.
Little Ryan.
Joe?
Ryan?
You look upset.
If it makes you feel any better,
Ryan was bound to work on you...
- little wayward orphan like yourselves.
- Unh.
There's nothing you can do
about it now. So let's talk.
Nothing to say.
Well, that's where you're wrong.
I have an offer to propose.
Crowley, as you know,
not so easy to find.
So here's the deal.
You find him, bring him to me...
I let you live.
- Pass.
- Dean...
Sam, no. The answer is no.
You say that like you have
another option.
- Maybe I do, maybe I don't.
- You think?
Well, so much for your plan B.
And you, wondering,
"Why so flaccid?"
I'm older than you, Castiel.
I know what makes angels tick.
As long as I'm around,
consider yourself unplugged.
Work for me.
It's a good deal.
Bonus, I won't kill your friends.
All right, look, the last few months,
we've been working for an evil dick.
We're not about to sign up
for an evil bitch.
We don't work with demons.
We don't work with monsters.
And if that means you gotta kill us,
then kill us.
Or I turn you...
and you do what I want anyway.
Beat me with a wire hanger,
answer's still no. Unh.
Don't...
test me.
Bite me.
- No.
- Dean.
Phoenix ash.
One shell.
One ounce of whiskey,
down the hatch.
Little musty on the afterburn.
Call you later, Mom.
Shut your eyes.
We gotta take you
on more monster hunts.
Hey, Cass, um...
Dean's bleeding pretty good.
I think she turned me
into a Jefferson Starship.
Could you clear that up too?
All right, we're good.
We gotta go. Now.
Where?
The kid.
- The little kid, he's one of them.
- Unbelievable.
Yeah, I know, Cass.
You told me, all right? Let's just go.
So we kill the wicked witch
and she still wins.
I mean, they could've turned half
the town by now. Don't say it.
Found them.
Well, who ganked them?
Demons.
So, what do you think?
I think that demons
don't give a crap
about monster twins
unless they're told to.
So, you think she was
telling the truth?
The truth about what?
She said that Crowley's
still kicking.
But I burned his bones...
How ca...
Was she certain?
Sounded pretty sure.
According to her,
Crowley's still waterboarding
her kids somewhere.
I don't understand.
Well, he's a crafty
son of a bitch.
I'm an angel.
I'll look into it immediately.
Cass!
Let us know what you find out!
What? What?
How did Crowley get away?
I mean, it's not like Cass
to make mistakes like that,
unless...
Unless what?
Unless he meant to.
Bobby, this is Cass
we're talking about.
Do you believe this?
Sam?
Look, it's probably nothing.
It's just...
You know what? You're right.
It's... it's probably nothing.
Really, Cass...
this is getting ridiculous.
How many times
am I gonna have
to clean up your messes?